index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Home
nav_order: 1
description: "Learn Phoenix and Elixir in the most comprehensive manner"
permalink: /
---

# The Only Elixir & Phoenix Learning Kit you will ever need
{: .fs-9 }

### Learning Elixir and Phoenix is tectonic, given the feeble amount of resources present online and the scope of the topic being very wide. 
There is a lack of good resources online. Most of the content is either outdated or irrelevent as of 2020. The current documentation of both Elixir and Phoenix is difficult to understand. There is no clear roadmap as to how to progress in the Elixir-Phoenix Journey. Most people don't know if Phoenix is the right choice for them. This repo provides the roadmap, main concept guides, cheatsheets, project based learning, and important resources along the way.
{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }

[Get started now](#getting-started){: .btn .btn-primary .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 .mr-2 } [View it on GitHub](https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs){: .btn .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 }

---

# First Things First

### The following notes are Inspired from Stephen Grider's *The Complete Elixir & Phoenix Bootcamp*

I highly recommend this course, as it explains the fundamentals of everything Elixir & Phoenix required for you to create your own applications.

Also, the course invariably explains all the concepts using 3 fun projects to work with.

Please buy the course on Udemy.com [Link Here](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-complete-elixir-and-phoenix-bootcamp-and-tutorial/)

P.S.: I do not endorse this course nor do I have any affiliation with the author of the course. This is my personal recommendation as I have completed the course, and was able to use it to create the notes that I have in the document below.

## THE BIRD EYE VIEW

# Elixir & Phoenix - Zero to Hero

## Why this Repo?

There is a lack of good resources online. Most of the content is either outdated or irrelevent as of 2020. The current documentation of both Elixir and Phoenix is difficult to understand. There is no clear roadmap as to how to progress in the Elixir-Phoenix Journey. Most people don't know if Phoenix is the right choice for them. This repo provides the roadmap, main concept guides, cheatsheets, project based learning, and important resources along the way.

This repo is a single source of truth, that can make you aware of the entire landscape of Elixir and Phoenix. This guide transforms your idea of

###### Elixir

> From a magic potion to a functional and extremely robust programming language.

##### &

###### Phoenix

> From a bird to fully-scalable modern web-development framework.

🌟Give a GitHub Star if you understood the joke over there!🤣

## How to use this Repo?

1. There is a roadmap of the all the phases required to master the elixir phoenix landscape
2. There are cheatsheets for both Elixir and Phoenix segregated according to the concepts involved.
3. There are currently 2 projects on Elixir and 2 Projects on Phoenix for making the learning journey a breeze. (More projects coming up)
4. There are many updated resources about where to look when to stuck/ not able to understand a particular topic.

## What is Elixir & Phoenix Framework

## Which companies are currently using Phoenix and how has it benefitted them?

## When to (not to) use Elixir alongwith Phoenix? What are the alternatives?

## The roadmap for making the Elixir and Phoenix journey

## Updated Resources

## Best books to learn, and what they offers

## Mix - Build Tool

### Creates Projects

#### Compiles Projects

#### Runs 'Tasks'

#### Manages Dependencies

---

## About the project

Just the Docs is &copy; 2017-2019 by [Patrick Marsceill](http://patrickmarsceill.com).

### License

Just the Docs is distributed by an [MIT license](https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs/tree/master/LICENSE.txt).

### Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change. Read more about becoming a contributor in [our GitHub repo](https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs#contributing).

#### Thank you to the contributors of Just the Docs!

<ul class="list-style-none">
{% for contributor in site.github.contributors %}
  <li class="d-inline-block mr-1">
     <a href="{{ contributor.html_url }}"><img src="{{ contributor.avatar_url }}" width="32" height="32" alt="{{ contributor.login }}"/></a>
  </li>
{% endfor %}
</ul>

### Code of Conduct

Just the Docs is committed to fostering a welcoming community.

[View our Code of Conduct](https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs/tree/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) on our GitHub repository.

Commit message:

up readme, what to expect

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Home
nav_order: 1
description: "Learn Phoenix and Elixir in the most comprehensive manner"
permalink: /
---

# The Only Elixir & Phoenix Learning Kit you will ever need
{: .fs-9 }


## What to expect from this kit?
After utlising this kit completely, you would:
- Understand where exactly Elixir & Phoenix are used in the industry
- Know when-to/when-not-to use phoenix & elixir
- Understand the possibilities and future of the language
- Understand Basic Fundamentals of Elixir Language
- Understand the folder structure and git integration of an Elixir Project
- Create 2 simple projects in Elixir 
- Understand Basic Fundamentals of Phoenix Language
- Understand the folder structure and git integration of a Phoenix Project
- Create 1 Advanced Project in Phoenix
- Know how to make money from whatever you've learnt (Job / Freelancing)
- Get the roadmap / learning path to becoming a master in Elixir & Phoenix
- Get the roadmap to building a realistic application at scale using Elixir & Phoenix
- Get curated resources from the best books, articles, videos and docs regarding the language and framework

###### All of this explained in Layman terms (No Jargons, No complex terminology)

### Learning Elixir and Phoenix is tectonic, given the feeble amount of resources present online and the scope of the topic being very wide. 
There is a lack of good resources online. Most of the content is either outdated or irrelevent as of 2020. The current documentation of both Elixir and Phoenix is difficult to understand. There is no clear roadmap as to how to progress in the Elixir-Phoenix Journey. Most people don't know if Phoenix is the right choice for them. This repo provides the roadmap, main concept guides, cheatsheets, project based learning, and important resources along the way.
{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }

[Get started now](#getting-started){: .btn .btn-primary .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 .mr-2 } [View it on GitHub](https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs){: .btn .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 }

---

# First Things First

### The following notes are Inspired from Stephen Grider's *The Complete Elixir & Phoenix Bootcamp*

I highly recommend this course, as it explains the fundamentals of everything Elixir & Phoenix required for you to create your own applications.

Also, the course invariably explains all the concepts using 3 fun projects to work with.

Please buy the course on Udemy.com [Link Here](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-complete-elixir-and-phoenix-bootcamp-and-tutorial/)

P.S.: I do not endorse this course nor do I have any affiliation with the author of the course. This is my personal recommendation as I have completed the course, and was able to use it to create the notes that I have in the document below.

## THE BIRD EYE VIEW
What you will acheive after having gone through this entire documentation?
1. 

# Elixir & Phoenix - Zero to Hero

## Why this Repo?

There is a lack of good resources online. Most of the content is either outdated or irrelevent as of 2020. The current documentation of both Elixir and Phoenix is difficult to understand. There is no clear roadmap as to how to progress in the Elixir-Phoenix Journey. Most people don't know if Phoenix is the right choice for them. This repo provides the roadmap, main concept guides, cheatsheets, project based learning, and important resources along the way.

This repo is a single source of truth, that can make you aware of the entire landscape of Elixir and Phoenix. This guide transforms your idea of

###### Elixir

> From a magic potion to a functional and extremely robust programming language.

##### &

###### Phoenix

> From a bird to fully-scalable modern web-development framework.

🌟Give a GitHub Star if you understood the joke over there!🤣

## How to use this Repo?

1. There is a roadmap of the all the phases required to master the elixir phoenix landscape
2. There are cheatsheets for both Elixir and Phoenix segregated according to the concepts involved.
3. There are currently 2 projects on Elixir and 2 Projects on Phoenix for making the learning journey a breeze. (More projects coming up)
4. There are many updated resources about where to look when to stuck/ not able to understand a particular topic.

## What is Elixir & Phoenix Framework

## Which companies are currently using Phoenix and how has it benefitted them?

## When to (not to) use Elixir alongwith Phoenix? What are the alternatives?

## The roadmap for making the Elixir and Phoenix journey

## Updated Resources

## Best books to learn, and what they offers

## Mix - Build Tool

### Creates Projects

#### Compiles Projects

#### Runs 'Tasks'

#### Manages Dependencies

---

## About the project

Just the Docs is &copy; 2017-2019 by [Patrick Marsceill](http://patrickmarsceill.com).

### License

Just the Docs is distributed by an [MIT license](https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs/tree/master/LICENSE.txt).

### Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change. Read more about becoming a contributor in [our GitHub repo](https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs#contributing).

#### Thank you to the contributors of Just the Docs!

<ul class="list-style-none">
{% for contributor in site.github.contributors %}
  <li class="d-inline-block mr-1">
     <a href="{{ contributor.html_url }}"><img src="{{ contributor.avatar_url }}" width="32" height="32" alt="{{ contributor.login }}"/></a>
  </li>
{% endfor %}
</ul>

### Code of Conduct

Just the Docs is committed to fostering a welcoming community.

[View our Code of Conduct](https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs/tree/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) on our GitHub repository.
